{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Bit of claude and my own ideas\
\
Spicy Honey Mustard Ribs (3-2-1, dialed in)\
\
Carolina-style, oak smoke, ~1kg per rack\
\
Overnight dry brine\
\
Remove the membrane, pat dry. Rub on, rest uncovered on a rack in the fridge overnight.\
\
	\'95	Salt\
	\'95	Black pepper\
	\'95	Garlic powder\
	\'95	Onion powder\
\
Finish rub (1-2h before smoker)\
\
Thin layer of yellow mustard as binder, then this on top \'97 heat bumped up.\
\
	\'95	2 tbsp brown sugar\
	\'95	1 tbsp mustard powder\
	\'95	1 tbsp smoked paprika\
	\'95	1 tsp cayenne\
	\'95	1 tsp chipotle powder\
	\'95	\'bd tsp ground black pepper\
\
Let ribs come to room temp while the smoker settles.\
\
Spicy honey mustard glaze (last stretch)\
\
Mix, let sit 10 min.\
\
	\'95	4 tbsp yellow mustard\
	\'95	3 tbsp honey\
	\'95	2 tbsp apple cider vinegar\
	\'95	1 tbsp brown sugar\
	\'95	1 tsp Worcestershire\
	\'95	1 tsp cayenne\
	\'95	1-2 tsp hot sauce (Frank\'92s or similar, to taste)\
	\'95	1 tsp whole yellow mustard seeds\
	\'95	pinch of salt\
\
Wrap contents\
\
	\'95	1 knob butter (15-20g), in pieces\
	\'95	1 tbsp honey\
	\'95	2 tbsp apple cider vinegar\
\
Cook \'97 3-2-1, retuned\
\
Smoker at 110-115\'b0C, 2-3 oak chunks.\
\
Phase 1 \'97 Smoke (the full 3h): unwrapped. This builds bark, color, smoke. Don\'92t shortcut it. Core should reach ~65-70\'b0C and the bark should feel firm before you wrap.\
\
Phase 2 \'97 Wrap (1 to 1.5h, NOT 2): This is the fix. Last time the full 2h wrap over-softened them, especially as halves. Wrap meat-side down on the butter/honey/vinegar, sealed tight. Start checking at 1h. Pull from the wrap once core hits ~88-90\'b0C \'97 don\'92t ride it to 95.\
\
Phase 3 \'97 Glaze (45min-1h): back on the grate, meat-side up. Thin coat of glaze, let it set ~15 min, repeat 2-3x. Optional bump to 120-125\'b0C to caramelize.\
\
Doneness \'97 trust feel over the clock\
\
The \'931\'94 at the end is a guide, not a rule. Pull when:\
\
	\'95	Bend test: surface cracks but doesn\'92t fall apart\
	\'95	Toothpick: slides in like warm butter\
	\'95	Bone: pulls back 5-7mm\
	\'95	Core temp: ~90-92\'b0C max\
\
For halves especially, start checking early \'97 they cook faster than full racks.\
\
Rest\
\
10-15 min loosely tented before cutting.\
\
The headline change from last time: wrap 1-1.5h instead of 2, and pull from the wrap at 88-90\'b0C by feel. That alone fixes the over-cooking while keeping the 3-2-1 structure.}